## Executive Performance

Underlying Questions 

    1. What was the total revenue generated?
    2. How many bikes were sold?
    4. What is the average order value?
    5. How much tax liability did the company incur?
    6. What is the net revenue after accounting for tax?
    7. How much revenue was generated by each mode of payment?
    8. How much revenue was generated by each product category?
    9. What was the change in revenue generation through the quarter?
    10. What was the change in order volumes through the quarter?

## Product Performance

Underlying Questions

    1. Which bike category generated the most revenue?
    2. Which subcategory performed best?
    3. Which individual products generated the highest revenue?
    4. Which products sell the highest quantity?
    5. Which products generate the highest gross profit?

## Customer Behavior

Underlying Questions 
    
    1. Which payment method is most preferred by customers
    2. Which payment method generates the highest average order value?
    3. Which payment method is associated with high-value purchases?
    4. How many unique customers were there in the quarter?
    5. What was the average spend per customer?
    6. What was the average number of orders per customer?
    7. How many customers acounted for 80% of sales?

## Operational Performance

Underlying Questions 

    1. What percentage of orders were completed/cancelled at time of reporting?
    2. What proportion of orders are pending at time of reporting?
    3. Which category of bikes sold the most?
    4. What was the value of completed/cancelled orders at time of reporting?
    5. What was the value of pending orders at time of reporting?
    6. What was the revenue by order status through the quarter?
    7. Which payment method was most preferred by customers
    8. Which payment method generated the most revenue & profit?


## Tax Obligation

Underlying Questions 

    1. How many products sold were taxable?
    2. What percentage of sales was taxable?
    3. How much total tax is owed?
    4. What percentage of revenue is the tax?
    5. Which product categories generate the largest tax liability?
    6. How much revenue remains after tax?
    7. How does revenue and tax change through the quarter?


## Pricing Strategy

Underlying Questions 

    1. Which products have the highest markup?
    2. Which products have the highest profit margin?
    3. Are higher-priced bikes actually more profitable?
    4. Which categories contribute most to gross profit?
